LED: short for Light Emitting Diode, which is a semiconductor electronic component that can convert electrical energy into light energy. Diodes made of compounds containing gallium (Ga), arsenic (As), phosphorus (P), nitrogen (N), silicon (Si), etc. can radiate visible light when electrons and holes recombine, so they can be used to make light-emitting diodes. Gallium arsenide diodes emit red light, gallium phosphide diodes emit green light, silicon carbide diodes emit yellow light, and gallium nitride diodes emit blue light. White light LEDs are all generated by blue light chips stimulating phosphors to produce white light. At present, high-end lighting has used purple light chips to achieve white light, with the advantages of high color rendering and efficiency.

◇Forward voltage (VF): The voltage that turns on the "PN junction" is the forward voltage, which is obtained under a given forward current. It is generally measured at IF=20mA. Generally, the Vf of the chip (blue light, green light) is about 3V, and the VF of the chip (red light, orange light, yellow light) is about 2V.

◇Forward current (IF): It refers to the forward current value when the light-emitting diode emits light normally. (The voltage that turns on the "PN junction" is the forward voltage (reverse breakdown is not discussed), and the voltage that cuts off the "PN junction" is the reverse voltage. When the forward voltage is applied, there is current, and when the reverse voltage is applied, there is no (considered to be no) current. The forward current setting value varies according to the size of the LED chip, and should be determined according to the use environment and materials.

The LED module(https://www.tekholled.com/led-module/) is completely ENC ased in epoxy resin, which is stronger than light bulbs and fluorescent tubes. There are also no loose parts in the body of the lamp, which makes the LED injection mold unbreakable.

Can show red, blue, purple, green, yellow, green, white seven colors, seven color jump, seven color gradient, colorful jump, colorful gradient effect;

Light source selected TOP Smd 2835 LED module 2835 led, no light spot, low light decay, good consistency;

Low power consumption, high brightness, long service life, maintenance free;

The shell adopts injection molding process, beautiful appearance, unique, good heat dissipation effect;

Waterproof grade can reach IP65 or more;

20 modules for a string, LED series and hybrid circuit, a single module can be cut.

Come and send an inquiry

Image
